# turgys-behavior-tree-plugin

A Behavior Tree implementation for Godot with a graphical interface. 

# Installation
  1. Install this plugin through the Asset Library in godot or paste the contents of this repository to your projects folder.
  
  2. Activate the plugin in Godot through the project settings

# New Nodes
  This plugin adds two new nodes which you need to use, it also adds other nodes that are generated by the main nodes hence you don't need to use them.
## BehaviorTree
  This is the core node of the plugin. Add this node to any node you desire. There are several variables in the inspector window.
  >**BehaviorTree Folder:** This is the folder where you will be saving your action and condition scripts. You might want to create a new folder
  
  >**logicRoot:** The logicRoot is the node that will be directly affected by the behavior tree. Generally you want this to be for example the npc's root node.
  
  >**Blackboard:** You must create a blackboard object in the same place as the behavior tree and link it to the variable.
  
  The rest of the variables are there for functionality and you should ignore them.
## Blackboard
  The blackboard is transferred to all action and condition nodes. It is a dictionary meant to be a memory.
  Methods:
  
  **_add(key: String, val):** Adds a new key to the dictionary, aborts if the key already exists
  
  **_put(key: String, val):** Puts the new pair into the dictionary. If the key already exists, the value is overridden.
  
  **_remove_key(key: String):** Removes the key from the dictionary.
  
  **_get(key: String):** Returns the value associated with the key.
  
  **_get_key(val):** Returns the key associated with the object.
 
# Graph Editor
  When you select any behavior tree, a graph editor dock appears next to Inspector and Node docks. In this screen, you can create your
  behavior tree. 
  
  You can press add or right click anywhere to add new graph nodes.
  
  Ctrl+S saves the graph automatically, but it is safer to use the save button.
### Root
  All your behavior trees should start with this node.
## Composites
  Composite nodes can have more than one child
### Sequence
  The Sequence node ticks its children in order returning at the first FAILURE or ERR_BUSY, in which case it returns the encountered value.
### Selector
  The Selector node ticks its children in order returning at the first OK, in which case it returns OK.
  If all of its children return FAILURE, it also returns FAILURE.
  
  
  
  
  